Query history: Create API to patch comment of query in query history (#44981)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/http_api/query_history.md

- **200** – OK
- **404** - Query in query history not found
- **500** – Unable to delete query from the database

### Update comment of query in Query history by UID

`PATCH /api/query-history/:uid`

> Updates a comment of query in the query history that matches the specified uid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates comment of a query with a specific uid that is stored in the query history.
```

Query parameters:

> - **comment** – New comment that will be added to specified query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **comment** – New comment that will be added to the specified query.
```
